Nowadays, online shopping has become a huge part of our life. 
Applications such as Amazon and eBay grasped such trend and became pivotal in the way we shop. Our team, similarly, sees the opportunity in online-shopping platforms, and aim to make artistic merchandise more reading available to the public. 
The Oddity-Market is an application which offers and online platform for people to share or sell their personal collections or artworks. 
It is a system that combines Amazon’s and eBay’s functions; our application consumers to auction and to purchase art pieces at a fixed price. 
Though similar to eBay, our application specialized in artistic pieces, ranging from paintings to photographs. 
The Oddity-Market, in essence, is a specialised platform for artistic merchandise, providing users direct access to purchase artwork. 
As an online-sales platform, our application does not demand exorbitant amount of money nor technical skills from its users.
 
As a team, we strongly believe that auctions are not for the limited view, but they should be made more affordable and available to the public. 
Though actions had been traditionally reserved for a limited audience, we believe art auctions should be available to a wider audience—all those whom appreciate art; this is the goal of Oddity-Market. 
The Oddity-Market is an application that not only provides a friendlier way for artists and collectors to communicate, nut also establishes a platform for users to purchase their beloved artworks.
 
Our product is targeted at the following two groups: consumers who are seeking for artworks and collections to their liking, and artists who are seeking for an audience to appreciate and to purchase their work. 
Our goal is to help local artists to display their work in a global market, assisting them to reach a wider audience and to assist consumers to widen their art collection. 
Furthermore, the application aims to connect people from different backgrounds and cultures through their shared appreciation for art. 
We wish the users could find inner-peace and balance through their indulgence in art, finding escape and harmony from the urban lifestyle. 
 
Our project will consist of three independent features: artwork display, artwork selling and auction. 
Artwork display is the platform for the users to share their artworks and communicate about their ideas regarding the art piece. 
Artwork selling is the function that allow users to sell or purchase a product on a pre-fixed price. Auction, lastly, is the function that allow buyers to bid for the certain artworks. 
As an admin for our site, we have the responsibilities to monitor the users’ statuses and track their logs. 
Should any inappropriate items or comments be displayed or were attempted to be sold, we have the control and the right to remove the items from our site. 
 
We have separated the users into three fundamental categories: buyers, sellers and viewers. 
Buyers and sellers must register for an account to access the auction function, whilst viewers are not required. 
The buyers have the right to comment under selected art-display or the selected product, to report any unusual auctions or inappropriate art-display, product or comments on the website, and to purchase selected products through auctions. 
The seller has the right to remove or display a product for auction, to modify the description for the product as well as set the reservation price and the bid increment. 